Allow surrogates in content, issue #895 (#906)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

   control characters such as U+0000 NULL and U+0009 TAB, permanently reserved noncharacters
   (U+FDD0 through U+FDEF and U+<i>n</i>FFFE and U+<i>n</i>FFFF where <i>n</i> is 0x0 through 0x10),
   private-use code points (U+E000 through U+F8FF, U+F0000 through U+FFFFD, and
   U+100000 through U+10FFFD), unassigned code points, unpaired surrogates in messages and literals

>    only (U+D800 through U+DFFF), and other potentially confusing content.

Reviewer: This is fine, but I think it would be okay to omit it too.

>    U+100000 through U+10FFFD), unassigned code points, unpaired surrogates in messages and
>    quoted literals only (U+D800 through U+DFFF), and other potentially confusing content.

Reviewer 2: The specifier about where surrogates are valid is unnecessary esp. in this context, where the other "potentially confusing content" is for the most part only allowed in the same.
```suggestion
   U+100000 through U+10FFFD), unassigned code points,
   unpaired surrogates (U+D800 through U+DFFF), and other potentially confusing content.
```

### Text

**_<dfn>text</dfn>_** is the translateable content of a _pattern_.
Any Unicode code point is allowed, except for U+0000 NULL.
> [!NOTE]
> Unpaired surrogate code points (`U+D800` through `U+DFFF` inclusive)
> are allowed for compatibility with UTF-16 based implementations

> > that do not check for this encoding error.

Reviewer 2: This note would be better placed a bit further down in this section, and it needs to be separated from the surrounding content by an empty line. This would also be a more appropriate place for the concerns that are currently hidden away in the Security Considerations appendix.

### Text

**_<dfn>text</dfn>_** is the translateable content of a _pattern_.
Any Unicode code point is allowed, except for U+0000 NULL.

> Unpaired surrogates code points (U+D800 through U+DFFF inclusive) are allowed
> in localizable elements, but using them is likely a mistake and not recommended.

Reviewer: I don't think introducing the phrase "localizable elements" is helpful here. The _text_ production **_is_** that. I think, instead, we might include a note reprising what was mentioned above:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Unpaired surrogate code points (`U+D800` through `U+DFFF` inclusive)
> are allowed for compatibility with UTF-16 based implementations
> that do not check for this encoding error.
```

as a _key_ value,
as the _operand_ of a _literal-expression_,
or in the value of an _option_.

> A _literal_ MAY include any Unicode code point except for U+0000 NULL.

Reviewer: If we add the note for _text_ we should add it for _literal_ too?

Author: To be fair, I don't really see the benefit of all this duplication in syntax.md.
The abnf should be enough.
It only makes it difficult to keep them in sync.
I just found that `syntax.md` contains an exact copy of the abnf section I am changing.

Probably too late to refactor this though...

Author: I added the same note to the quoted literals.

And changed in a couple of places this is affects quoted literals, not all literals.
(see graph in the main comments section)
